Now, Soledad, we have created the class and function now within me, 15.
Don't don't get my card for the title and the duration.
So it is going to be like public strings get title.
And this is for getting the title of the song and inside which we are going to return the title.
So basically, this function is going to return no title of the song New Dawn title as we have declared
the name as string title.
This function is going to return and this is going to return the duration and the duration is double.
Like, no later time saw double.
And gay liberation.
Again, immigration, it is going to mean Cameron's case.
And will return the duration of the song.
In the form of a double, so I hope you must have understood that what is this function doing and what
this part is going to return to the compiler?
Now we have got like collecting the title of this song and the duration of the song from the class.
Now we have to bind this as this like, we have combined this inside this race as us doing this complete
partisan string.
This song is a class which we have written in this song.
We are in it like our putting the title on duration as a string.
So we will convert the double take.
It is already a string title, but that double will be returned in the form of her double like or decimal
think.
So we have the fourth converting to the string and then they've done.
So now we have to call that those string mountain in Java and that those string method will be responsible
for converting the string duration and the title and bind them.
And then I'll put them as a string as a whole.
So firstly, we have to call the override my turn as we are going to convert the class, so we have
to again create a public string.
Public string, those string, those string basically is a method in Java, which is used to convert
the other data dives into a string output.
So inside this string class, I am going to return.
The song.
And the like this song, and we have a brave soul inside the breeze and the collar variable, we have
to have this blessed sign inside the breeze.
We have the title, the title string and the variable title like the.
Firstly, close this.
Is equal to Nash, and the title is called US Plus.
Title about human misery declared in the class.
And the nine plus.
Inside this.
Like Line, Ginger and which is going to ruin clothing inside the single inverted comma.
No, no gain.
And this is going to close the title by closing this double inverted comma once and we are done with
that title.
But now we're doing the same for the duration, like the duration is similar as the title, so duration
the court, plus the duration of an event.
Just a single double fault and no deviation or an evil as missing said.
So duration.
And the place is closed.
So closing the and saying the single in one thing comma and then closing the statement.
So the brass parties completed as far as I can see that.
So we have completed this string method, which will be converting the duration and title and the string
in the hole.
So this is the song this is no is the title which we called in saying the strings and the title of the
song after we just base and the duration of double.
So that double is converted in the form of string with the help of distortion.
So as far as I can see that we have completed the song class now make the switch to the album class.
So let me give you the album the double fine first, so selecting the new file option inside the sassy
folder of that.
As I already told you that all the files involved in this project will be stored inside the SLC folder.
So inside those are the folder.
I am going to create a new file and will name it does album not double.
So we have successfully created the album class and now will start creating the function inside this
class as well.
OK, so now let me I've created the album Class Coalinga function.
Let let us firstly declare the variables which are going to be used and the variables are object inside
the class.
I already told you about what objects are labeled entities, which are the consistency of the class.
So private string name.
And.
I this private things like or which artist has sung the song, we always ask for that.
So the album will contain a name in the string format and artist in the string format, and the list
of songs inside the album is going to be displayed as an analyst.
So at least in the very useful concept inside Java.
Let me firstly import this liability, which consist this list feature, so it doesn't send the job
until at least the package.
Yes, we have successfully imported the ArrayList line ready and getting that last name with us, so.
The last name is going to be strong, so I'm going to contain songs simply, so there are no words as
far as I can see.
So let us quickly talk about a list like what actually are the lists and what is it is going to do in
this project.
So after creating this and initializing all the objects, now we are going to talk about that in this.
So we have more data structure as Andy will have heard about it to store a list of things, Reuse added.
So you must be wondering that why we are not storing the song inside the added and released list of
what is the consequence of using this analyst?
So let me tell you first that an eraser limit their size the add.
It has unlimited size.
It has a fixed size.
We cannot increase the size and alter the element inside the body.
So this is a bound nation like we can see that this is the limitation of any which is preventing us
from using any in this project.
So what is the benefit of using at least at least as similar as an array?
It is a use for storing multiple data and data types like it could be string like what we see Fluor
double digit on anything.
So storing multiple data types and the main feature of our list is that it is pretty sizable.
The size of that it is impossible for the size of our list is muted.
We can increase the size of the list according to our needs.
Like suppose, currently our playlist contains only five songs and we want to increase the size of the
song list in future.
So in at it, it is not possible to increase the size it is fixed.
But if we are using it, at least we can increase like we do not have to certain size in the beginning
in that and we have to decide.
In the meantime of declaring that it network what size maximum size?
The ad is going to be, but there is nothing like this in that list.
So yes, these are the benefits of using analyst.
We are going to store the songs inside this list called list.
And this is when the mercy of this library of Java inside Java utilized a list.
So we have given what adding list is now we are going to create a function.
Inside this album, Glass, like we have named so function is going to be public album and the arguments
are like name of the album mastering the artist as string and.
The third one is the list of songs.
And which is going to be our analyst day to day.
So we have called those two arguments, and now we are going to call that hard argument that at least
the second one has in the last.
Original suggestions are suggesting the suggestions are very useful.
They helps us and saves a lot of time while writing the code, so we have successfully called all the
arguments inside the function.
Now inside this function, in the similar way we have called the songs like we can see that we have
called this using this dark side to land the start duration.
This is the method of calling objects from a class inside Java.
So this dark name is going to be name.
Similarly, this start, this is going to be.
I best new artist.
This in the method of accessing objects.
Inside the function, we have already used it in the song Glass.
Now we are using it in the album Tango and Song, so all the stuff is quite relatable, but we can say
that.
And you do not have to make much effort.
While learning Java.
Java is such an interesting language.
It has everything.
Inside its libraries.
So this is like new ad in this song.
So the list is access to using a new keyword.
This is a method of calling the analyst inside the function.
So we have successfully ported all the PR humans like we have successfully calling them and saying the
function.
Now I am going to create a constructor called Alamo.
I think there's a good practice to initialize the constructor in the beginning, even if we have no
use.
As far as I can see that we have successfully created our two classes named song and Album.
So after creating the song and album, we have to start adding songs to the project and this will be
going to happen with the help off.
And the song function.
And then we are going to find the songs like we have to bring to the list.
As you can see, that in the second set is so we have to find those songs like which are the songs presenting
the list list and what are its durations.
So we are going to make a dedicated function for finding those songs and for like adding those songs
to the list.
So see you in the next part.